Add detailed protocol description to Stream (#37)
SpinalHDL/SpinalDoc-RTD: source/SpinalHDL/Libraries/stream.rst

* An UART controller could directly use the write port to drive UART pins and only consume the transaction at the end of the transmission.
  Be careful with that.

Semantics
---------

When manually reading/driving the signals of a Stream keep in mind that:

* After being asserted, ``valid`` may only be deasserted once the current payload was acknowleged. This means ``valid`` can only toggle to 0 the cycle after a the slave did a read by asserting ``ready``.
* In contrast to that ``ready`` may change at any time. 
* A transfer is only done on cycles where both ``valid`` and ``ready`` are asserted.

> * ``valid`` of a Stream must not combinatorically depend on ``ready`` and must be registered.

Author: You are right, it would actually be combinatorially ... which does not make it much better though.
After thinking about it: since ready may anyhow change it any time it does kinda not make sense to depend on it at all... Therefore I added that as a recommendation.

StreamCCByToggle
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> | Component that provides connectes Streams across clock domains based on toggling signals.

Reviewer: mmm, I think it should be:
```suggestion
| Component that connects Streams across clock domains based on toggling signals.
```

Author: agreed
